Jiang Wanyue
If it weren't for the lake you went down to
Then why has it taken so long?
Only you can solve it
The minister's daughter has always been good at detoxification
I don't want to doubt it anywhere
Just someone on the road
So I had to check
I just want to feel wronged, you go to jail for a while first
Brother, wait a minute.
When are your legs healed?
Well, thanks to Wanyue's help in diagnosis and treatment
Well, that's a good thing.
Congratulations to the emperor
I don't know what the emperor is doing at this moment
Brother's body is released from prison
I still need Wanyue's help to recuperate
I want to take him away
It's not because my brother is unwilling to let go
It's just that the late moon has been involved at this moment
In the case of the Beijing Suburban disease case
My brother is willing to guarantee the late moon
He would never be the one who poisoned
Why do you vouch for me?
With the gold medal bestowed by the late emperor
I will give you one month
If after a month
Can't find out the truth
I will not only accept your gold medal
You have to go to prison
So useful
Is this the legendary gold medal for avoiding death?